feat: Making clearer that env vars are shared along with source code (#2414)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/development/programming_interface/environment_variables.md

For sensitive data like API keys or passwords, enable the **Secret** option. This will encrypt the value and redact it from logs to prevent accidental exposure.

> :::caution Visibility of environment variables in public Actors
> 
> When you [publish your Actor](/platform/actors/publishing/publish), environment variables not marked as **Secret** in Apify Console are visible to anyone on the Actor detail page along with the source code. If you enable **Hide source files from Actor detail** in the Actor's **Settings**, environment variables not marked as **Secret** in Apify Console are hidden as well.
> 
> Secret environment variables are never exposed on the Actor detail page regardless of this setting. Always mark sensitive values as **Secret**.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution Visibility of environment variables in public Actors

When you [publish your Actor](/platform/actors/publishing/publish), environment variables not marked as **Secret** in Apify Console are visible to anyone on the Actor detail page alongside the source code. Enable **Hide source files from Actor detail** in the Actor's **Settings** to hide both.

Apify Console never exposes secret environment variables on the Actor detail page, regardless of this setting. Always mark sensitive values as secret

:::
```

Author: I merged the first paragraph but not the second one - this does not only relate to Apify Console but also to web, API, etc.
